[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 2: One question from Dimitri
is can you talk about the scope
tab?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
sorry I missed that before.
So basically the scope tab, just lost it.
At any point is just going to show
you what you have in global and
what you have in local scope.
So global scope will just show you like
a list of all the global variables,
all the global properties
that you have access to.
A local scope can help you for
those that have done Kyle Sampson's
class here on understanding closures.
So it'll help you understand
what you locally have access to.
This is going to be another great way to
kind of help you understand the language
a little bit better.
So if you're like you have function fu and
then inside you have bar and
you've a break point in bar local
scope will show you all of fu still.
So it's just kind of like understanding
what you have access to at this
point in time.
Hope that helps, let me know,
if that's not clear enough.
There were a couple of things, again,
like it's just some finicky things,
I think some people are like having
jQuery obviously black boxed and
it was still landing in jQuery.
I'm not really sure.
The only thing that seemed to kinda
help was, like classic turn it off and
on again, kind of approach of make sure
all your break points are removed.
So we're like kind of going in here and
deselecting all these,
closing all these files,
refreshing the app and trying again.
So if you're if you're getting
stuck something like that
you might wanna try that.
We did have one that I
couldn't figure out.
Yeah, any other questions?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah from Richie.
Are there any useful console commands
that you use while debugging?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
So when doing this kind of
step through debugging I don't
use the console additionally.
The console API is pretty nice though,
so you have access to
more than just console.log so
you have access.
The next are two examples from how we're
gonna look at console.time when you can
actually see how long
things take to execute.
There are console warn and console error.
I don't really use them,
but those do exist.
So yeah, I probably just use console log,
console time and
then the step through debugger,
those are probably
the only things that I use.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, and
then.
>> Speaker 2: There's a threads panel just
above the watch panel.
I don't see it on mine.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
so that is another finicky lovely thing.
So that's reserved for web workers if
you're doing service workers like and
it's like maybe they're just
different versions of Canary.
For web workers if you're
doing service workers and
it's maybe they're just
different versions of Canary.
It's an experimental panel
that they're messing with.
I'm not gonna have time to cover service
workers say, but they're really cool.
You should check them out, but
that's what that's gonna be for.